No more yarn in web (#4990)
electricitymaps/electricitymaps-contrib: web/README.md

- Ensure you have `NodeJS` and `pnpm` installed locally (`brew install pnpm`)
- Run `pnpm install` in both the web and mockserver directories

> 1. Start the mockserver: `pnpm run mockserver`
> 2. Run app in another tab: `pnpm dev`

Reviewer: We don't have the command for starting mockerserver from web folder anymore, so let's update this: 
```suggestion
1. Start the mockserver (inside `mockserver` folder): `pnpm run start`
2. Run app in another terminal (inside `web` folder): `pnpm dev`
```

Author: I updated the scripts so it works mockserver also works from web (like before).

Reviewer: Oh, didn't see you added it - nevermind then 😄
